---
作者: Stefan
题目: IMPT NOTICE
日期: Mon May  4 01:17:44 1998
Okey, I've fixed the security breach. If anyone observes such
breachs again, please notify me.

Now here is the current situation:

1. I will be the ONLY person in the Admin group, so there will
be no more 'su' things, and the whole mud will be more secure
if I do not screw it up accidentally.

2. All other wizards will be titled as "wizard". Thanks to the
complex security management system here, we can have a flexible
hirachy of wiz positions among our wizards.

There are two main privilege "domains":
   Admin        only I am the member of it.
   Mudlib       lei, yuner, fire, ljty, tset, pickle are the members of it.
                This is the chief development group in charge of this mud.

If you use 'admtool' to view the R/W privileges of all directories,
you'll find that most directories are under privilege "Mudlib:*", therefore,
the above members of Mudlib can have control over all those directories.
(Members of Mudlib will have the "Mudlib:" privilege automatically)

This is another important privileges:
   @secure      All system related "non-touchable" stuffs. For example,
                everyone's email, news data, link obj, body obj, 
                shell obj. Most of them are not supposed to be readable
                by any wizards.

Further more, "Mudlib:" has the following sub-privileges:
   WWW config daemons help objects plyrcmds socket std verbs wizcmds

Each of the sub-privilege is used for governing some directories. In
case some wizard needs the right to edit files under some directory,
Any Mudlib member can use "admtool" to link the wizard's own privilege
(usually the name) to one of the sub privilege of Mudlib. For example,
if "yue" wants to add in a new command in /cmds/player, "fire" can link
yue to Mudlib:plyrcmds so that yue can have the right of writing files
in /cmds/player. (use admtool, go to 安全管理, then use 
"a yue Mudlib:plyrcmds" to do this)

This is roughly how the security management goes. Again, I will not
interfere the mud development in any manner, I am just here to ensure
nothing get screwed and nobody got beaten up :)

So, we now have a panel of chief wizards:
        lei, yuner, fire, ljty, tset, pickle

You guys arrange the responsibilities among yourself (let lei be the
guy guiding through all these arangements, since he is familiar with
all of you and he was the one brought up the whole development). Then
you can post an anouncement of the formation of this wiz team.

All other wizards will be supervised by this wiz panel. Just feel
free to let them know what you want to do, they will help you along 
the way.

Any new wizard promotion should be brought up to the wiz.com newsgroup
and I will promote the person under the agreement of our wiz panel.

-stefan


---
作者: Stefan
题目: wiz promotion/demotion
日期: Tue May 12 21:36:53 1998
个别巫师最近会被降为玩家，原因是很久没有来，或是太安静了，长时间
没有发表过建设性的提议或做过任何实质性的编程工作。

当然我们还是接受你的重新申请，请公开张贴你的巫师职位申请书。可是
如果又是天天发呆不做事，还会再次会被降职的喔。


---
作者: Stefan
题目: wiz demotion
日期: Thu Jul 23 06:21:56 1998
xiaoxi, yun 和 xuan 因为长久不上线，被降回玩家身份。

kim 和 leon (疑为同一人)因为没有事先通知就下载所有
三国志的源码，暂且被降回玩家身份，有待处理。

大家都读过书，不经同意就拿是偷，这还不知道吗？

想在这里做巫师的先想清楚了，你在三国志做巫师为的是什么？
事先花言巧语地哄我们开心，升了巫师又鬼鬼祟祟地搞小
动作，你干脆不要来好了。

想 hack 三国志的尽管明说，我好久没遇到高手了，还寂寞呢。
其它打我们源码主意的还是死了这条心吧，这事儿发生过
好几次了，就算你弄到了我们的 code，你也没法子再装
一个三国志或 LIMA 出来。最多是参考一下我们这儿的描
述罢了，您还是省省吧。


---
作者: Lei
题目: about wiz
日期: Sun Jan 11 04:52:51 1998
I dont want to have too many wiz here...
wiz here must be able to work here and have time and desire...
so except me, Yuner, Fire, Pickle, Stefan(arch) I hope we just
have 8 wizards, once promote some1, need to depromote another 1,
keep competition, work hard pls:)



---
作者: Lei
题目: hmm
日期: Sun Jan 11 04:47:11 1998
I am sorry I left lima for about 1 week... 
#bell
I am very harry to see so many ppl care lima. welcome:)
#bell
#bell
I need to declare being wiz here is not a easy work, you need 
careful consideration, and so do we.
I am sorry depromote some wizards, becoz fire promoted them without
following wiz-rules.



---
作者: Lei
题目: Jiezhao
日期: Sun Jan  4 23:46:13 1998
I found Jiezhao spent more than 10 hours in XYJ everyday, but less than 1 hour
here, I don't think it is good. After exame his files, I did not find 
anything which is imaginable and useful. So I decided to expell him.

I create a new dir /recycle for store the files written by explled wiz.



---
作者: Lei
题目: Depromote & Promote
日期: Sun Jan  4 22:20:40 1998

Sunnie, Zhj were depromoted by Yuner becoz they had not
been here for about half a month... anyway if they 
can give us good reason about why they cannot come, 
we will recover their status.

After careful consideration, Yuner and I promote
Shadow to be our wizard.... welcome shadow, addoil shadow



---
作者: Lei
题目: 欢迎新编辑们！
日期: Tue Dec 23 23:34:35 1997
欢迎Jiezhao，Xiha，Yue加入九头鸟创作组。
加上先前加入的Zhj,Dan,Angle,Path,Benben,
我们迎来了八位新编辑，队伍一下就扩大了。

我们将提供两个星期时间给你们熟悉Lima。
在此期间你们没有特定的任务需要完成，这
将是你们熟悉了解怎样在Lima的编辑的最佳
时间。你们可以通过读帮助文件，用"more
<filename>,NPC,ROOM"来了解这里的程序模
式特点。也可以动手做一些简单的NPC或是给
自己建造房间。有任何问题可以向Fire，Pickle，
Yuner，Test,Lei..询问。

两个星期之后就会有具体的任务交给你们，在
质量，数量，速度上都会有所要求。但以质量
为最重要，尽量避免BUG。我们欢迎慢工出细活。
希望大家加油努力，我们才能尽快推出三国。



---
作者: Lei
题目: Welcome Dan
日期: Tue Dec 23 04:57:24 1997
Dan has half year exp of Lpc and good exp of being a mudder.
He also said he is very interested in SanGuo.
After careful consideration and Yuner, Fire's support, I have 
promote Dan to be our new wizard.
*welcome dan
*addoil Dan



---
作者: Stefan
题目: Welcome NTU's new wizs
日期: Sun Nov 16 03:27:48 1997
Yuner & liter are promoted to wizards.
Here only got admins and wizards, before you guys are familar with most
of the lima things, I dont want to promote you to admins, because you might
delete some important things by mistake.
After some time, if you think you are able to be an admin, I'll promote you.

Now everyone can write files in /open, it is a testing area.
Formal wizs like yuner and liter can write files in your own dir under
/wiz/....

Later changes will be announced.


---
作者: Stefan
题目: test group now open
日期: Wed Apr 16 23:49:37 1997
请先在 test 区试验 news 的功能，比如张贴，转载，跟帖等等。
请针对 group 的标提张贴 post。
BTW, announce group 现在是只读区了。


---
作者: Stefan
题目: intro
日期: Wed Apr 16 04:04:45 1997

这个 Lima Lib 是从英文 lima 1.0a2 汉化而来的，在一些地方做了必要的
改动以使用中文信息。原英文 lima 在 lima.mudlib.com 7878，网页在
http://lima.mudlib.org。目前的最新版本是 1.0a4，因为改动并不显著，
所以没有把这里升级。

关于 Lima 的简介
================
以下是从原文摘抄下来的：
  1    Centralized natural language parsing (Zork-like commands for players).
       Definitely the most advanced command parsing currently available.
  2    Socials use the natural language parsing, and are easy to extend.
       There are hundreds of socials and adverbs supplied.
  3    The wizard command line does file name expansions as well as the Unix
       command line... it's pretty handy to be able to type:
            cd /s*/m*/s* to cd to /std/modules/shell_support
  4    Inline documentation.
  5    Distributed support.
  6    Very modular, clearly written code.
  7    Support for the new Intermud-3 standard.
  8    Modal input, and fully featured interactive shells.
  9    Real, secure security authored by Ellery @ TMI-2 (Reimer Behrends).
 10    Emphasis on player usability:
 11    better news, channels, menus, etc... than any other mudlib
 12    Easy to build menus, easy to write socials, etc...
 13    A menu driven admin tool to ease routine administration tasks.
 14    Combat! >=)
 
 
 
关于中文 Lima 的介绍
====================
我最初的想法是做一个新的中文 Mud，但由于能力所限，这个想法对我个人
而言已经变得不现实了。毕竟除开 Mud，每个人都还有许多学业、事业、生
活上的事要做。所以我把目前的一点东西开放出来，让所有对制做中文 mud
有兴趣的人多一个选择。

这个中文 Lima 是：
    1.  一个 mud coding 的环境
    2.  对中文 mud 发展与制做的讨论区
    3.  对发展中文 mud 提贡技术支持  
    4.  闲聊、发呆的新去处
    
如果有人有兴趣在此 Mudlib 的基础上发展中文 Mud，视情况而定，可以提供
全套源程序。

Lima Mudlib 有许多新的功能，它比旧的 es2 lib 更强大，更完善。但是它缺
乏东方文化的特色，许多地方还有待改善。目前所有的文档仍是英文的，对于 
新巫师熟悉环境有一定的障碍。希望能有更为专业的巫师对它进行修改完善。 

Ｈａｐｐｙ　Ｍｕｄｄｉｎｇ！

如有任何问题，可以在这里 post，或是 mail 给 stefan，如有必要，也可以
mail 到 liuhai@irdu.nus.sg

stefan Wed Apr 16 15:40:43 SGT 1997


---
作者: Yuner
题目: New Admin
日期: Mon Dec 22 08:02:55 1997
欢迎酸黄瓜(pickle)加入我们的九头鸟创作组，并成为admin的一员
希望大家能合作愉快，开创出一个全新的天地！


---
作者: Lei
题目: 编辑规则
日期: Mon Dec 29 09:07:21 1997

现有编辑规则，在/wiz/lei/WIZ_RULES中，大家阅读。慎重。



---
作者: Pickle
题目: my absence
日期: Thu Jan 15 16:36:12 1998
my apologies for being absent for so long. my computer
broke down (it's a 5 yr old 386 so no surprise), and i
have been actively trying to buy a new one. in any case,
now my computer is working again, so i am at its mercy,
until the new one arrives. in the mean time i cannot
come very often, so terribly sorry about this, abandoning
you guys at the busiest of times. my most sincere apologies
and as soon as my new computer comes in i will come back
and join the team. so so so terribly sorry.

one thing i might add, the chatting is very nice, though
the coloring is a bit liberal...

good job everyone, and keep up the good work.

pickle


---
作者: Stefan
题目: Security Maintenance
日期: Thu Apr 30 06:14:32 1998
I am fixing the security hole, in the meanwhile, wizards may not be
able to write files in some directories.

I think it will be back to service next week. Sorry for any inconvenience
caused.


